README.md, before:

# TelloEDU-Examples

This repo contains scripts for demonstrating various uses of the TelloEDU drone.

## Keyboard Control with OpenCV

This module demonstrates using OpenCV with the TelloEDU mini drone to stream video from the camera, control its movements, and take pictures using keyboard commands. The script allows you to interactively control the drone using the keyboard. You can take off, land, move in various directions, rotate, and capture images.

**Author:** Jacob Pitsenberger
**Version:** 1.0
**Date:** 8/14/2023

### Instructions

To run the module, ensure you have the required dependencies installed:


```bash
pip install 'djitellopy' 'opencv-python'
```

Run the script `keyboard_control_opencv.py` and follow the on-screen instructions to interact with the drone.

### Keyboard Controls

- **b**: Takeoff
- **e**: Land
- **p**: Take picture
- **q**: End program
- **w**: Go up
- **s**: Go down
- **i**: Go forward
- **k**: Go backward
- **j**: Go left
- **l**: Go right
- **a**: Rotate counter-clockwise
- **d**: Rotate clockwise

**Note:** There might be a delay in updating video frames when commands are being sent to the drone. Once the drone sends a response to a given movement or rotation command, the frames continue to update.

Feel free to modify the default speed and rotation values in the script according to your requirements.

---

**[View the module code](keyboard_control_opencv.py)**

Commit message:

updated readme.md with section on blur_faces.py module

README.md, after:

# TelloEDU-Examples

This repo contains scripts for demonstrating various uses of the TelloEDU drone.

## Blur Faces

This module demonstrates using OpenCV with the TelloEDU mini drone or a computer's web camera to detect faces in the camera stream and blur the surrounding areas.

**Author:** Jacob Pitsenberger
**Version:** 1.0
**Date:** 7/7/2023

### Purpose

This module showcases how to utilize OpenCV to detect faces in real-time camera streams and apply a blurring effect to the surrounding areas of the detected faces. Whether using the TelloEDU mini drone's camera or a computer's webcam, the module provides an interactive way to explore face detection and manipulation.

### Instructions

To run the module, ensure you have the required dependencies installed:

```bash
pip install opencv-python
```

Run the script `blur_faces.py` and follow the on-screen instructions to experience the face detection and blurring effects in real-time.

**Note:** If using the TelloEDU mini drone, make sure to adjust the relevant sections in the script to connect to the drone and start the video stream.

---
**[View the module code](blur_faces.py)**


## Keyboard Control with OpenCV

This module demonstrates using OpenCV with the TelloEDU mini drone to stream video from the camera, control its movements, and take pictures using keyboard commands. The script allows you to interactively control the drone using the keyboard. You can take off, land, move in various directions, rotate, and capture images.

**Author:** Jacob Pitsenberger
**Version:** 1.0
**Date:** 8/14/2023

### Instructions

To run the module, ensure you have the required dependencies installed:


```bash
pip install 'djitellopy' 'opencv-python'
```

Run the script `keyboard_control_opencv.py` and follow the on-screen instructions to interact with the drone.

### Keyboard Controls

- **b**: Takeoff
- **e**: Land
- **p**: Take picture
- **q**: End program
- **w**: Go up
- **s**: Go down
- **i**: Go forward
- **k**: Go backward
- **j**: Go left
- **l**: Go right
- **a**: Rotate counter-clockwise
- **d**: Rotate clockwise

**Note:** There might be a delay in updating video frames when commands are being sent to the drone. Once the drone sends a response to a given movement or rotation command, the frames continue to update.

Feel free to modify the default speed and rotation values in the script according to your requirements.

---

**[View the module code](keyboard_control_opencv.py)**
